=== 0.1.17 / 2012-??-??

* The gemspec no longer includes the timestamp in the version, so that bundler can pull from github. (Reported by corneverbruggen)

=== 0.1.16 / 2012-06-04

* The :local_time and :iso_8601_time arguments to Sawmill::EntryProcessor::Format didn't have their advertised effect. Fixed.
* The :emit_incomplete_records_on_finish argument to Sawmill::EntryProcessor::BuildRecords didn't have its advertised effect. Fixed.
* Fixed a few warnings.
* Travis CI integration.

=== 0.1.15 / 2011-10-24

* 0.1.14 was inadvertently released before testing was complete. Fixed several stats logs issues.

=== 0.1.14 / 2011-10-24

* Support for stats logs.

=== 0.1.13 / 2011-07-16

* Rack middleware supports elapsed time attribute.
* Rack middleware can run pre-request and post-request logging tasks.
* A .gemspec file is now available for gem building and bundler git integration.
* Cleaned up docs a little

=== 0.1.12 / 2010-11-01

* A date-based rotater can now force log files to be written to by only one process. Useful in environments where you have an unknown number of processes(i.e. a Passenger-based deployment), each of which needs a separate log file.
* Provided a Railtie for easy integration into a Rails 3 application.
* The record_progname and attribute_level can now be set on a logger after creation.

=== 0.1.11 / 2010-10-19

* Fixed a missing require.

=== 0.0.10 / 2010-01-31

* Fixed a rotater issue that sometimes caused rotation to occur one record too late.

=== 0.0.9 / 2010-01-28

* Some minor documentation cleanup.
* Added Logger#level_group.

=== 0.0.8 / 2009-12-09

* The rotater crashed when obtaining an IO handle under Ruby 1.9. Fixed.

=== 0.0.6 / 2009-11-23

* In some cases (notably under Ruby 1.9), the default record ID generator created UUIDs that were twice as long as they should have been. Fixed.

=== 0.0.5 / 2009-11-08

* API CHANGE: Reworked how string encoding is specified. Default encoding for both reading and writing is now ASCII-8BIT unless specified in the API or within the file as a parser directive.
* Handle encoding errors more gracefully by replacing characters rather than raising exceptions.
* Added a parser directive to set logfile encoding.
* Versionomy is no longer a hard dependency-- it is now used only if available.

=== 0.0.4 / 2009-11-06

* API CHANGE: Renamed DateBasedLogFile options :prefix and :suffix to :path_prefix and :path_suffix
* API CHANGE: Renamed ShiftingLogFile options :filepath and :max_logfile_size to :file_path and :max_file_size
* Encoding can now be specified in file reading and writing methods (Rotaters and convenience interface methods)

=== 0.0.3 / 2009-10-31

* API CHANGE: Renamed processor close methods to "finish" and introduced return value semantics for passing "final" information back up the processor tree.
* API CHANGE: Renamed :dirname options to :basedir on both rotater strategies
* API CHANGE: Renamed :filename option to :filepath on ShiftingLogFile
* API CHANGE: Renamed :local_timezone option to :local_datestamps on DateBasedLogFile
* API CHANGE: Renamed FilterBasicFields to FilterByBasicFields
* Added FilterByBlock processors
* Added CompileReport processors
* Processors can now add custom methods to the processor building DSL.
* Added a bunch of convenience methods to the toplevel Sawmill module.
* Entries can be truncated at a particular length when formatting.
* Records can compute and cache values.
* Support length limits when formatting entries.
* Fixed a few more bugs related to processors.
* More work on the RDocs

=== 0.0.2 / 2009-10-28

* Added multi-parser utility.
* Fixed several bugs involving parsing and formatting.
* Logger uses activesupport's SecureRandom on Ruby 1.8 if available.

=== 0.0.1 / 2009-10-28

* Initial test release
